'yes': 'Yes'
'no': 'No'
'Ok': 'Ok'
'victory': 'Victory!'
'music': 'Music'
'dd3': 'Sound'
'игра': 'game'
'youLose': 'Lose'
'Exit': 'Exit'
'continueInf': 'Continue?'
'continue2': 'Continue'
'exitGame': 'Are you sure you want to exit? '
'Зомби': 'Zombie'
'settings': 'Settings'
'close' : 'Close'
'progress_lost': 'All progress will be lost.'
'tutor' : 'Tutorial'
'colb' : 'reserve flask'
'tube' : 'generation tube'
'substance_name1' : 'Zombie cells'
'substance_name2' : 'Zombie tissue'
'substance_name3' : 'Zombie organs'
'substance_descr1' : 'They have already absorbed all the nutrient solution and now are trying to crawl off the microscope slide'
'substance_descr2' : 'It suspiciously reminds you stuffing of hamburgers from the dining room in your research institute'
'substance_descr3' : 'Wet and pulsating mass that looks as if it wishes you evil'
'zombie1_descr' : 'The basic form, grown in a bioreactor from the sets of genetically modified organs. The organism is hardly able to maintain its own existence: motor skills are broken, skin integrity is damaged, and the integrity of consciousness is totally absent. It can undergo further evolution along one of the 4 genetic lines.'
'zombie2_descr' : 'A zombie that has a preschooler level intelligence and an irresistible craving for games and entertainment. During the experiments, it was noticed that these creatures especially are fond of ponies. When there isn't any pony within reach, the subjects try to use people as mounts and tend to become very upset when their 'horses' cease their convulsive movements and stop giving signs of life.'
'zombie3_descr' : 'These specimen have an outstanding intellect and inherit a penchant for games and intrigues from the previous generation. Thus, they are ideally suited for political infiltration. These cunning creatures will surely push the world into a state of complete chaos, as they dexterously manipulate the politicians in accordance with the finely crafted plan (and they don't even tell you all the details, arguing that it is 'between us, girls').'
'zombie4_descr' : 'Many zombies of this kind can successfully mimic the average commoners. However, medical survey can reveal that they have two hearts, a four-chambered stomach and strengthened jaws. Mental activity is totally obsessed with a certain overvalued idea (beer brand, political party, or a favourite sports team), that can be used to motivate the specimen to perform truly abominable deeds.'
'zombie5_descr' : 'Advanced species with an auxiliary digestive system, double fat layer and acid saliva. 'A cadaver with an unsatisfied stomach', as your colleague from Moscow called him (he was completely delighted when you presented him one test subject as a gift). It has a great passion for consuming food and does it with masterful finesse. You can provoke a consumption crisis, replacing part of the population with these zombies: the trend of increasing portions in fast food establishments can already be credited to the list of achievements.'
'zombie6_descr' : 'Zombies with hypertrophied self-awareness, which often leads them to think that they know anything better than you. As a result, they constantly give you advices on what to feed them, how to clean up the laboratory and even how to conduct experiments. However, due to severe cognitive distortions, majority of their advices don't bear any rational grain. Another unpleasant feature is an increased muscle mass, which complicates the possibility of arguing with these creatures.'
'zombie7_descr' : 'Subspecies created under the pressure - err, sorry, I meant, taking into account valuable Prigs' recommendations. The ego and muscle mass became even more developed. Moreover, a need for recognition has emerged, and it drives these zombies to leave the laboratory and devote themselves to the academic science. The results of their research are rather mediocre and often even absurd, yet still these zombies are becoming more and more influential in the global scientific community. It's mostly because many scientists are afraid to oppose them openly (a good example is that the recent Nobel Prize in Physics was granted to one of zombies for his study of why does the water gurgle while flowing into the bath sink).'
'zombie8_descr' : 'A creature with an amorphous psyche and an enhanced instinct of submission. Has a strong sense of hierarchy. Full suggestibility coupled with the absence of any psychological limitations makes this zombie an ideal performer of various tasks. Studies of these creatures have shown that their brains are extraordinarily plastic and able to restructure itself with an unbelievable speed (a subscript from the assistant: 'also it has a delicious creamy taste').'
'zombie9_descr' : 'A subspecies developed for the information warfare. Emotional intelligence and the provocation skill are genetically enhanced. These zombies can be easily taught to use Internet: on the second training day they are already capable of basic trolling and posting messages like 'cyberpunk is dead' or 'anime was a mistake', and just a month later they can freely manipulate public opinion and sow discord between opinion leaders and their fans.'
'zombie1_name' : 'Skinny'
'zombie2_name' : 'Fidget'
'zombie3_name' : 'Enigma'
'zombie4_name' : 'Rigid Body'
'zombie5_name' : 'Hyperconsumer'
'zombie6_name' : 'Prig'
'zombie7_name' : 'Think Tank'
'zombie8_name' : 'Hollowman'
'zombie9_name' : 'Nanotroll'
'shop_hint1' : 'Combine it wth 2 "Skinnies" to evolve them into "Fidget"'
'shop_hint2' : 'Combine it wth 2 "Skinnies" to evolve them into "Rigid Body"'
'shop_hint3' : 'Combine it wth 2 "Skinnies" to evolve them into "Prig"'
'shop_hint4' : 'Combine it wth 2 "Skinnies" to evolve them into "Hollowman"'
'shop_hint5' : 'Destroys any selected object on the game board'
'shop_hint6' : 'Duplicates any selected object, so its copy can be placed in the next turn'
'shop_hint7' : 'Transfers any selected object to the generation tube'
'shop_hint8' : 'Evolves any selected object to the next level'
'scale_name1' : 'Chaos in politics'
'scale_name2' : 'Chaos in economy'
'scale_name3' : 'Chaos in science'
'scale_name4' : 'Chaos in culture'
'scale_hint1' : 'Shows how insane and irrational the world politics becomes under your minions' influence. Each "Enigma" boosts the movement towards total chaos by 0,01% per turn'
'scale_hint2' : 'Shows how unbalanced and inefficient the world economy becomes under your minions' influence. Each "Hyperconsumer" boosts the movement towards total chaos by 0,01% per turn'
'scale_hint3' : 'Shows the degree of the creative impasse which the world science enters under your minions' influence. Each "Think Tank" boosts the movement towards total chaos by 0,01% per turn'
'scale_hint4' : 'Shows the degree of world culture degradation under your minions' influence. Each "Nanotroll" boosts the movement towards total chaos by 0,01% per turn'
'tutor1' : 'Evenly fill the chaos scale. You lose If the difference will be more than 30%'
'Wolf' : 'Zombie Wolf'
'Wolf_descr' : 'Moves chaotically through empty cells. Block this creature to get the reward from the Undead Hunting Society'
'Turn' : 'Turn'
'WinText' : 'You've destroyed all people, now the world belongs to zombies'
'LoseText' : 'People were able to resist the attack of zombies'
'Tube_descr' : 'Objects that need to be transferred to the playing area successively appear here'
'Colb_descr' : 'Here you can store an object that you don't want to transfer to the playing area yet'
'aa bb' : 'aa'
'MyKey2' : 'Key'
'MyKey3' : 'Key'